README.md, before:

# Random Dog Images Generator
Your number 1 source for random dog images!


## What's the point?
Dogs are incredible animals and companions and have the ability to make almost everybody feel better. Even if it's not my personal dog but a completely random one, I still love seeing pictures of other dogs, whether it's them just simply posing there, being a goofball, or looking happy!

## Features

The features of this webpage is relatively straightforward. At the center of the screen is a picture of a random dog that changes everytime you refresh the page. Alternatively, to change the picture, you can also click the button to change the picture without refreshing the whole page. 

I chose a minimal background color as to not draw attention from the dog pictures. The event listeners I'm utilizing are 'click', 'mouseover', and.....

## Questions?

Please email me at davidhcho1095@gmail.com if you have any questions!

## License

Copyright (c) 2022, David Cho

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Author
Myself/David/Lover of Dogs

## Acknowledgements

Thank you to all of these dogs and their owners for allowing themselves to be photographed and shared for free with the internet to hopefully bring joy and happiness to others!. Thank you to the api for the pictures: https://dog.ceo/api/breeds/image/random

Commit message:

updated readme with website functionality

README.md, after:

# Random Dog Images Generator
Your number 1 source for random dog images!


## What's the point?
Dogs are incredible animals and companions and have the ability to make almost everybody feel better. Even if it's not my personal dog but a completely random one, I still love seeing pictures of other dogs, whether it's them just simply posing there, being a goofball, or looking happy!

## Features

The features of this webpage is relatively straightforward. At the center of the screen is a picture of a random dog that changes everytime you refresh the page. Alternatively, to change the picture, you can also hover over the button with your mouse to change the picture without refreshing the whole page. When you do so, don't be surprised if you see the dog saying something to you....

Next to the 'Next doggo' button, you have a comment box where you will be able to type a quick thought out of the current picture. When you post, it will start to create an unordered list for you to view all of your comments!

I chose a minimal background color as to not draw attention from the dog pictures. The event listeners I'm utilizing are 'click', 'mouseover', and 'alert'

## Questions?

Please email me at davidhcho1095@gmail.com if you have any questions!

## License

Copyright (c) 2022, David Cho

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Author
Myself/David/Lover of Dogs

## Acknowledgements

Thank you to all of these dogs and their owners for allowing themselves to be photographed and shared for free with the internet to hopefully bring joy and happiness to others!. Thank you to the api for the pictures: https://dog.ceo/api/breeds/image/random
